[Applause]
an injured man is rescued from the
second floor of a bombed residential
Tower his life spared but left with
lifelong
[Music]
wounds many others at this neighborhood
in Rafa were not as
lucky and the loved ones they've Left
Behind cannot imagine moving forward
doctors rush to help the injured despite
little
resources amidst the chaos on the
hospital floor a little girl cries in
pain
the man who rescued her fears that she's
been
orphaned this is the daughter of my
neighbor Muhammad abua so far it seems
she is the only Survivor from her family
the only Survivor from the home that was
targeted I rescued her she was literally
just hanging there on the
balcony attacks on civilians are the
Stark reality of daily life in
Gaza even a ceasefire talks resume
in nearby
Egypt but the loss of lives in Gaza is
unrelenting leaving many in the besieged
strip
inconsolable Felix Nara Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer